README.md, before:

<a href="https://manta.network">
<img width="650" alt="github-banner" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/98164067/154848582-58988e81-6a89-4c5f-bdae-ec83478e245c.png">
</a>

# Awesome Manta [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of manta resources.

## Manta Community
- [Calamari on Twitter](https://twitter.com/CalamariNetwork)
- [Manta on Twitter](https://twitter.com/mantanetwork)
- [Video](https://www.youtube.com/c/MantaNetwork)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/n4QFj4n5vg)
- [Telegram](https://t.me/mantanetworkofficial)
- [Medium Blog](https://mantanetwork.medium.com/)
- [Manta Main Page](https://www.manta.network/)
- [Calamari Main Page](https://calamari.network/)
- [Calamari Network Community Forum](https://forum.manta.network/c/calamari-network-governance/6)
- [Community Collator Program](https://docs.manta.network/docs/collator/CommunityCollatorProgram)
- [Manta Network Community Forum](https://forum.manta.network/c/manta-network/13)
- [Manta Wiki](https://docs.manta.network/docs/Introduction)
- [Ambassador Program](https://ambassadors.manta.network)

## Manta Project
- [Github Organization](https://github.com/Manta-Network)
- [Manta Node](https://github.com/Manta-Network/Manta)
- [MantaPay](https://github.com/Manta-Network/Manta/tree/manta/pallets/manta-pay)
- [Manta Protocol Specifications](https://github.com/Manta-Network/spec)
- [Manta Dapp](https://github.com/Manta-Network/manta-front-end)
- [Manta Signer](https://github.com/Manta-Network/manta-signer)
- [Download Manta Signer](https://signer.manta.network/)
- [sparta](https://sparta.calamari.systems/)
- [Calamari Block Explorer](https://calamari.subscan.io/)
- [Dolphin Block Explorer](https://dolphin.subscan.io/)

## Public Nodes from Calamari Mainnet
- [calamari system](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fws.calamari.systems%2F#/explorer)
- [onfinality](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fcalamari.api.onfinality.io%2Fpublic-ws#/explorer)

## Public Services from Manta
- [Manta Telemetry](https://telemetry.manta.systems/)
- [The Status of Manta' Nodes](https://status.manta.network/)

## Misc
- [Manta's Hiring](https://jobs.lever.co/MantaNetwork)
- [Projects from Polkadot Ecosystem](https://polkaproject.com/#/)

Commit message:

Update ss58 prefix for manta
Signed-off-by: Dengjianping <djptux@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<a href="https://manta.network">
<img width="650" alt="github-banner" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/98164067/154848582-58988e81-6a89-4c5f-bdae-ec83478e245c.png">
</a>

# Awesome Manta [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of manta resources.

## Manta Community
- [Calamari on Twitter](https://twitter.com/CalamariNetwork)
- [Manta on Twitter](https://twitter.com/mantanetwork)
- [Video](https://www.youtube.com/c/MantaNetwork)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/n4QFj4n5vg)
- [Telegram](https://t.me/mantanetworkofficial)
- [Medium Blog](https://mantanetwork.medium.com/)
- [Manta Main Page](https://www.manta.network/)
- [Calamari Main Page](https://calamari.network/)
- [Calamari Network Community Forum](https://forum.manta.network/c/calamari-network-governance/6)
- [Community Collator Program](https://docs.manta.network/docs/collator/CommunityCollatorProgram)
- [Manta Network Community Forum](https://forum.manta.network/c/manta-network/13)
- [Manta Wiki](https://docs.manta.network/docs/Introduction)
- [Ambassador Program](https://ambassadors.manta.network)

## Manta Project
- [Github Organization](https://github.com/Manta-Network)
- [Manta Node](https://github.com/Manta-Network/Manta)
- [MantaPay](https://github.com/Manta-Network/Manta/tree/manta/pallets/manta-pay)
- [Manta Protocol Specifications](https://github.com/Manta-Network/spec)
- [Manta Dapp](https://github.com/Manta-Network/manta-front-end)
- [Manta Signer](https://github.com/Manta-Network/manta-signer)
- [Download Manta Signer](https://signer.manta.network/)
- [sparta](https://sparta.calamari.systems/)
- [Calamari Block Explorer](https://calamari.subscan.io/)
- [Dolphin Block Explorer](https://dolphin.subscan.io/)
- The address prefix of Manta(SS58)
    Network | Prefix
    ---|---
    Calamari | 78
    Manta | 79

## Public Nodes from Calamari Mainnet
- [calamari system](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fws.calamari.systems%2F#/explorer)
- [onfinality](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fcalamari.api.onfinality.io%2Fpublic-ws#/explorer)

## Public Services from Manta
- [Manta Telemetry](https://telemetry.manta.systems/)
- [The Status of Manta' Nodes](https://status.manta.network/)

## Misc
- [Manta's Hiring](https://jobs.lever.co/MantaNetwork)
- [Projects from Polkadot Ecosystem](https://polkaproject.com/#/)
